So, Rust is a new language I'm picking up, so I don't mind sharing about it with you for those that might be interested in why I am learning it. Firstly, it is because of the security benefits, it uses no garbage collection like python, or Go, which makes it a language that has predictable output. You are all about speed when it comes with rust, you can create very fast sensitive applications like web servers. The learning curve can be a little steep so if you don't know programming at all, I don't suggest you learn this as your first language, go pick up python first, and then maybe C for more computer architecture. This is not just some low-level jagon, it is a language of the now. I am going to be using this to create bulky backend and deploy them. With Rust, you can be sure your code does not have bugs if it runs, because the compiler will yell at you otherwise haha. Also, memory leaks are not a problem like they are in C-programming. This is just personal preference like other things, so I'd say figure out if you really want to learn this before getting started on it. 

The *Hello world* folder creates a rust file using rustc instead of using cargo, but for every other program we will make, I will be using cargo which is the package manager for rust. Think of it as similar to someone using npm, or yarn for javascript libraries. This package managers help dependency installation and overall project management. You will see a cargo.toml (TOML stands for Tom's Obvious, Minimal Language) in every cargo-built project folder.